Avengers: Endgame;8.4/10;The crowd applauded 3 times during the movie, and stood up to clap their hands after. This I have never witnessed in a Dutch cinema. Dutch crowds aren't usually passionate about this. I checked the row where I was sitting, and people were crying;
The Italian Job;7.0/10;A few years ago I saw this remake of the sixties classic with the Mini Coopers for the first time and I remember liking it a lot. Now, about two years later it was shown on television and I just wanted to know whether I would still like it as much as when I saw it in the cinema. Well, the answer is yes;
John Wick;7.4/10;It's hard to find anything bad to say about John Wick. The action is beautifully choreographed, the setup is surprisingly emotional for an action flick, and Keanu.... What more is there to say? If you love action or even just like it you will be in for the ride of your life;
The Matrix;8.7/10;The film is as well-crafted as the matrix itself! On another level entirely to any other science fiction film from the last 20 years. Getting lost in another world, is entirely what Cinema is made for. This one takes you into a whole new universe;
Thor: Ragnarok; 7.9/10; Really enjoyed the first 'Thor' and loved even more its bigger, darker and bolder follow-up 'Thor: The Dark World'. 'Thor: Ragnarok' manages to be the best of the three, and is not just a strong contender for the funniest Marvel Cinematic Universe film (yes even more so than the 'Guardians of the Galaxy' films) but also one of their best to date;
2012;5.8/10;Improbable? Definitely. Ridiculous? You bet. But none of that matters since "2012" is exactly the film it was intended to be- a great big popcorn movie that offers big laughs, big thrills, and a lot of good old fashioned fun;
Tomb Raider;6.3/10; Ironically in 'Tomb Raider' they got the hard part right and messed up the easy part. The hard part in my opinion was correctly casting 'Lara Croft'. To follow in the shoes of a peak-of-her-powers Angelina Jolie is no easy feat. They pulled that off though by finding Alicia Vikander who was excellent in this film. The part they messed up though, and why this is such a bland experience, was they just didn't give her anything interesting to do;